Added example of down scoped credential request. (#52)
mattrglobal/oidc-client-bound-assertions-spec: spec.md

    "x":"7KEKZa5xJPh7WVqHJyUpb2MgEe3nA8Rk7eUlXsmBl-M",
    "y":"3zIgl_ml4RhapyEm5J7lvU-4f5jiBvZr4KgxUjEhl9o"
  },
  "credential_format": "w3cvc-jsonld",
  "nonce": "43747d5962a5",
  "iat": 1591069056,
  "exp": 1591069556
}
```

## Down Scoped Credential Request

> The `claims` property may be used when requesting a Credential in order to reduce the claims returned by the CI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `claims` property may be used by a holder when requesting a Credential from a CI in order to control the exact claims returned by the CI in the credential. When this parameter is not present the CI MUST return all the claims that are valid for the credential the holder is making a request for. 
```

> The following is a non-normative example of the decoded payload of the request parameter of a down scoped Signed Credential request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of the decoded payload of the request making use of the claims parameter.
```

```
{
  "aud": "https://issuer.example.com",
  "iss": "https://wallet.example.com",
  "sub": "urn:uuid:dc000c79-6aa3-45f2-9527-43747d5962a5",
  "sub_jwk" : {
    "crv":"secp256k1",
    "kid":"YkDpvGNsch2lFBf6p8u3",
    "kty":"EC",
    "x":"7KEKZa5xJPh7WVqHJyUpb2MgEe3nA8Rk7eUlXsmBl-M",
    "y":"3zIgl_ml4RhapyEm5J7lvU-4f5jiBvZr4KgxUjEhl9o"
  },
  "credential_format": "w3cvc-jwt",
  "nonce": "43747d5962a5",
  "iat": 1591069056,
  "exp": 1591069556,

>   "claims": {

Reviewer: Should probably also make it clear that the syntax of the claims request parameter is inherited from the relevant section of OpenID Connect Core?

Author: yes good point, let me add a sentence here.

Author: updated in latest commit adding ref to section 5.5 in the intro of the claims property.

Reviewer: Actually now that I review this, the first level in the claims object is actually the location in which the claims will appear e.g `id_token` or `userinfo_endpoint` so if we dont want that we will need to define our own parameter syntax

Author: right right, yes the nesting under the top level `claims.credential` felt redundant but may be easier and then compliant with existing syntax? Versus rolling our own definition of `claims` ?

Author: ping @tplooker what do ya think on this one? :)

Reviewer: Sorry missed this? TBH I like not having the redundant nesting, I just think we have to cleanup the language to clarify the syntaxes relationship to that seen in OpenID Connect Core

Reviewer: E.g they share the syntax on how to request claims but do not require the 'location' (e.g id_token/user_info/credential) abstraction

Author: Sounds good to me, I prefer that as well. 
Update incoming...
